com/jdots/browser/fragments/DomainSettingsFragment.java
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainSettingsFragment
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainSettingsFragment$1
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainSettingsFragment$2
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainSettingsFragment$3
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainSettingsFragment$4
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainSettingsFragment$5
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainSettingsFragment$6
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainSettingsFragment$7
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/StoragePermissionDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.StoragePermissionDialog
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.StoragePermissionDialog$StoragePermissionDialogListener
com/jdots/browser/helpers/ImportExportDatabaseHelper.java
 com.jdots.browser.helpers.ImportExportDatabaseHelper
com/jdots/browser/helpers/CheckPinnedMismatchHelper.java
 com.jdots.browser.helpers.CheckPinnedMismatchHelper
com/jdots/browser/activities/RequestsActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.RequestsActivity
 com.jdots.browser.activities.RequestsActivity$1
 com.jdots.browser.activities.RequestsActivity$2
com/jdots/browser/helpers/AdHelper.java
 com.jdots.browser.helpers.AdHelper
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/SaveDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.SaveDialog
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.SaveDialog$1
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.SaveDialog$SaveListener
com/jdots/browser/helpers/DomainsDatabaseHelper.java
 com.jdots.browser.helpers.DomainsDatabaseHelper
com/jdots/browser/views/NoSwipeViewPager.java
 com.jdots.browser.views.NoSwipeViewPager
com/jdots/browser/adapters/AboutPagerAdapter.java
 com.jdots.browser.adapters.AboutPagerAdapter
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/UrlHistoryDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.UrlHistoryDialog
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.UrlHistoryDialog$NavigateHistoryListener
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/WaitingForProxyDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.WaitingForProxyDialog
com/jdots/browser/adapters/HistoryArrayAdapter.java
 com.jdots.browser.adapters.HistoryArrayAdapter
com/jdots/browser/fragments/WebViewTabFragment.java
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.WebViewTabFragment
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.WebViewTabFragment$NewTabListener
com/jdots/browser/asynctasks/GetUrlSize.java
 com.jdots.browser.asynctasks.GetUrlSize
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/OpenDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.OpenDialog
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.OpenDialog$1
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.OpenDialog$OpenListener
com/jdots/browser/activities/AboutActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.AboutActivity
com/jdots/browser/asynctasks/GetHostIpAddresses.java
 com.jdots.browser.asynctasks.GetHostIpAddresses
com/jdots/browser/asynctasks/SaveAboutVersionImage.java
 com.jdots.browser.asynctasks.SaveAboutVersionImage
com/jdots/browser/fragments/AboutWebViewFragment.java
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.AboutWebViewFragment
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.AboutWebViewFragment$1
com/jdots/browser/activities/BookmarksActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksActivity
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksActivity$1
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksActivity$1$1
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksActivity$2
com/jdots/browser/views/CheckedLinearLayout.java
 com.jdots.browser.views.CheckedLinearLayout
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/ProxyNotInstalledDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.ProxyNotInstalledDialog
com/jdots/browser/asynctasks/PrepareSaveDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.asynctasks.PrepareSaveDialog
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/SslCertificateErrorDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.SslCertificateErrorDialog
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.SslCertificateErrorDialog$GetIpAddresses
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/ViewSslCertificateDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.ViewSslCertificateDialog
com/jdots/browser/activities/SettingsActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.SettingsActivity
com/jdots/browser/adapters/RequestsArrayAdapter.java
 com.jdots.browser.adapters.RequestsArrayAdapter
com/jdots/browser/BuildConfig.java
 com.jdots.browser.BuildConfig
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/AdConsentDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.AdConsentDialog
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/PinnedMismatchDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.PinnedMismatchDialog
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.PinnedMismatchDialog$1
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.PinnedMismatchDialog$PinnedMismatchListener
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.PinnedMismatchDialog$pagerAdapter
com/jdots/browser/asynctasks/GetLogcat.java
 com.jdots.browser.asynctasks.GetLogcat
com/jdots/browser/activities/MainWebViewActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$1
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$10
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$11
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$12
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$13
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$2
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$3
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$4
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$5
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$6
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$7
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$8
 com.jdots.browser.activities.MainWebViewActivity$9
com/jdots/browser/asynctasks/PopulateBlocklists.java
 com.jdots.browser.asynctasks.PopulateBlocklists
 com.jdots.browser.asynctasks.PopulateBlocklists$PopulateBlocklistsListener
com/jdots/browser/adapters/WebViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.jdots.browser.adapters.WebViewPagerAdapter
com/jdots/browser/backgroundtasks/GetSourceBackgroundTask.java
 com.jdots.browser.backgroundtasks.GetSourceBackgroundTask
com/jdots/browser/helpers/ProxyHelper.java
 com.jdots.browser.helpers.ProxyHelper
com/jdots/browser/activities/GuideActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.GuideActivity
com/jdots/browser/helpers/DownloadLocationHelper.java
 com.jdots.browser.helpers.DownloadLocationHelper
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/ViewRequestDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.ViewRequestDialog
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.ViewRequestDialog$ViewRequestListener
com/jdots/browser/activities/DomainsActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.DomainsActivity
 com.jdots.browser.activities.DomainsActivity$1
 com.jdots.browser.activities.DomainsActivity$2
 com.jdots.browser.activities.DomainsActivity$2$1
 com.jdots.browser.activities.DomainsActivity$3
com/jdots/browser/fragments/SettingsFragment.java
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.SettingsFragment
com/jdots/browser/helpers/BookmarksDatabaseHelper.java
 com.jdots.browser.helpers.BookmarksDatabaseHelper
com/jdots/browser/activities/ImportExportActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.ImportExportActivity
 com.jdots.browser.activities.ImportExportActivity$1
 com.jdots.browser.activities.ImportExportActivity$2
 com.jdots.browser.activities.ImportExportActivity$3
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/SaveWebpageDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.SaveWebpageDialog
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.SaveWebpageDialog$1
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.SaveWebpageDialog$2
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.SaveWebpageDialog$SaveWebpageListener
com/jdots/browser/asynctasks/SaveWebpageImage.java
 com.jdots.browser.asynctasks.SaveWebpageImage
com/jdots/browser/views/NestedScrollWebView.java
 com.jdots.browser.views.NestedScrollWebView
com/jdots/browser/adapters/GuidePagerAdapter.java
 com.jdots.browser.adapters.GuidePagerAdapter
com/jdots/browser/views/WrapVerticalContentViewPager.java
 com.jdots.browser.views.WrapVerticalContentViewPager
com/jdots/browser/dialogs/MoveToFolderDialog.java
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.MoveToFolderDialog
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.MoveToFolderDialog$1
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.MoveToFolderDialog$2
 com.jdots.browser.dialogs.MoveToFolderDialog$MoveToFolderListener
com/jdots/browser/activities/BookmarksDatabaseViewActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksDatabaseViewActivity
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksDatabaseViewActivity$1
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksDatabaseViewActivity$2
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksDatabaseViewActivity$3
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksDatabaseViewActivity$4
 com.jdots.browser.activities.BookmarksDatabaseViewActivity$4$1
com/jdots/browser/helpers/FileNameHelper.java
 com.jdots.browser.helpers.FileNameHelper
com/jdots/browser/definitions/History.java
 com.jdots.browser.definitions.History
com/jdots/browser/asynctasks/SaveUrl.java
 com.jdots.browser.asynctasks.SaveUrl
com/jdots/browser/helpers/BlocklistHelper.java
 com.jdots.browser.helpers.BlocklistHelper
com/jdots/browser/activities/LogcatActivity.java
 com.jdots.browser.activities.LogcatActivity
com/jdots/browser/fragments/DomainsListFragment.java
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainsListFragment
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.DomainsListFragment$DismissSnackbarInterface
com/jdots/browser/fragments/AboutVersionFragment.java
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.AboutVersionFragment
com/jdots/browser/fragments/GuideWebViewFragment.java
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.GuideWebViewFragment
 com.jdots.browser.fragments.GuideWebViewFragment$1
